deb review: tighten IDevID bootstrap discussion (#161)
thomas-fossati/draft-tls13-iot: draft-ietf-uta-tls13-iot-profile.md

certificates, which are obtained for use with specific applications.

IDevIDs are intended for device identity and initial onboarding or bootstrapping
protocols, such as the Bootstrapping Remote Secure Key Infrastructure (BRSKI)
protocol {{?RFC8995}} or LwM2M Bootstrap {{LwM2M-T}} {{LwM2M-C}}. The use of
IDevIDs is intentionally limited to such onboarding scenarios even though they
often have a long lifetime, or do not expire at all.

There are, however, multiple onboarding and bootstrapping approaches in use.
Some of them use TLS and therefore use the IDevID for client authentication,
while others, such as FIDO Device Onboarding (FDO) {{FDO}}, do not use TLS/DTLS
for client authentication. In many cases, the IDevID profile and content are
defined by those specifications. For these reasons, this specification focuses

> on the description of LDevIDs and other operational certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for client authentication. In many cases, the IDevID profile and content are
defined by those specifications. For these reasons, this specification focuses
on the description of operational certificates such as LDevIDs.
```
